Semikolan Newsletter #2

Hello there and this is the second edition of SemiKolan newsletter.

Through these newsletters, we would like to share some of the useful links and resources which anyone can access for free, important technological events throughout the week and some general Semikolan updates.

Here are some of the useful links and resources for this week:

1. DevIncept Tech Scholarships: An NGO DevIncept, aimed at supporting free education has been giving free scholarships for Machine Learning, Python, Open CV, Web and Android Development. You can apply through https://devincept.tech/pricing.html

2. Udacity AWS Machine Learning Scholarship: Udacity, an online learning platform in collaboration with Amazon Web Services has been giving free scholarships for Machine Learning enthusiasts. You can apply before 12 July though https://www.udacity.com/scholarships/aws-machine-learning-scholarship-program

3. Windows 11 First Release is here: The Windows 11 First update which is currently in Development phase has been officially launched and anyone can download the latest update. You can join the Windows insider program and you can then get it through Windows Update. Learn more here: https://insider.windows.com/en-us/register

4. India fails in cybersecurity literacy test: NordVPN, an online VPN Provider conducted a cybersecurity literacy test in which India emerged at 19 out of 21 countries in the survey. Meanwhile me while setting SemiKolan passwords: let's run a cat on my laptop's keyboard and you'll all get your passwords.

5. Need a temporary email: Remember when sometimes you need to authorize an application but don't want to share your email, you can use tempmail to get temporary emails to complete your authentication. Check tempmail at https://temp-mail.org

6. Need some Free Graphic Designs: Freepik is a website where you can get tons of Free Graphic Resources, Vectors, Stocks, Photos, PSD, Icons etc. You can check it out at https://freepik.com

7. Want to work on 40+ Real World Projects: SemiKolan is currently working on several new projects and we would like anyone to contribute to our open source projects development, through which you can enhance your skills and get guidance from the community. Check out the projects channel on our discord: https://discord.gg/HuHDEkpQ2N

Semikolan is once again, working on many other new features including a blog website, SemiKolan explore and much more. This week, many more people have joined the SemiKolan community and we love to have you all onboard. The team would like to thank you all there. :)

With that in mind, that's all we have for this week's newsletter.

By Team SemiKolan
