Semikolan Newsletter #1

Hello there and this is the first ever edition of Semikolan newsletter.
Through these newsletters, we would like to share some of the useful links and resources for any programming enthusiast, important technological events throughout the week and some general Semikolan updates.

Here are some of the useful links and resources for this week:

Bitcoin comes up with the summer of bitcoin: A global program that matches students with open source, free software and technology-related organizations working on bitcoin to write code and become part of these communities while making some BTC along the way. Anyone can register through https://summerofbitcoin.org

2. Github Student Developer Pack: It is the most significant set of free tools and services brought to you by GitHub and its partners across the globe to the student at zero cost. Any student with a valid student identification can awail for free. Apply through https://education.github.com/pack.

3. Plant trees just by sitting at home: Ecosia is a search Engine that plants Trees in return for users' search. When you use Ecosia to search they use the generated Ad Revenue to Plant Trees all over the world. Learn more at https://ecosia.org

4. During a Euro 2020 press conference on Monday, soccer superstar Cristiano Ronaldo irritably moved two bottles of Coca-Cola, one of the official sponsors of the event, and then picked up a bottle of water. By the end of the press conference for the European Championship, Coca-Cola's shares had dropped 1.6%, to $55.22 from $56.17.

5. Since 2011, Facebook has operated a Bug bounty program in which external researchers help improve the security and privacy of Facebook products and systems by potential security vulnerabilities. The program helps detect and fix issues faster. Facebook has recently awarded the highest bounty of all: $80,000.

6. Microsoft to release Windows 11: Windows 11 is a major release of the Windows NT operating system, announced on June 24, 2021, and developed by Microsoft. Windows 11 provides a calm and creative space where you can pursue your passions through a fresh experience. Programming languages used in Windows 11: C, C++, C#, Assembly language.

7. Google and Jio collaborate on ‘ultra-affordable’ JioPhone Next: Next is aimed at helping the roughly 300 million users in India who are currently on 2G networks upgrade to 4G, TechCrunch reports. It will be released in India on September 10th, before coming to other markets at a later date.
Next week, Team Semikolan hopes to bring on various new features to our website and also we would like everyone to join our Discord server at https://discord.com/invite/4ucwSCgkse.

With that in mind, that's all we have for this week's newsletter.

By Team SemiKolan
