Semikolan Newsletter #3

Hello there and this is the third edition of SemiKolan newsletter.

Through these newsletters, we would like to share some of the useful links and resources which anyone can access for free, important technological events throughout the week and some general Semikolan updates.

Here are some of the useful links and resources for this week:

1. Github Copilot, your AI pair programmer: Ever wanted to let someone else figure out a bug in your code, or just want to type out what you want and let the program create it for you? Well, powered by Codex, the new AI system created by OpenAI known as Github Copilot is here to do that for you. Trained in billions of lines and works with all languages, it is available in preview as a VS Code Extension. Learn more at https://copilot.github.com

2. The first flying car is here: A startup in Japan has recently tested a car which can literally transform into a flying car at the click of a button. The car flown for 35 minutes and the test went on quite smoothly. Dear Potterheads, Ron Weasley is here. Watch the video on the Klein Vision's official channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCHAHvcO7KSNmgXVRIJLNkw

3. Google Meet now has AR Masks: Inspired by Augmented reality, you can now use AR masks, filters, effects for calls on Google Meet. The Google Meet team is also working on many more new features as reported.

4. Microsoft Launches free course on ML for beginners: A free course launched by Microsoft, is a 12 week program aimed to teach various machine learning concepts. You can learn more through https://github.com/microsoft/ML-For-Beginners

5. Need to remove backgrounds from any image: Many times you need to remove background from an image, in need of the same, a website https://remove.bg provides a nice interface where you can simply insert an image and download the image with background removed.

6. Need to edit photos quickly: Photopea is an online photo editor which lets you edit photos, apply effect and do much more in your browser for free. Check them out at https://photopea.com

7. Do you want to write stuff for the technical community: The semikolan blogs is a blogging platform where anyone can write blogs of their choice and share them with the world. Initially, we would like to give all the members of community an opportunity to be able to write blogs and even more, you can also monetize your blogs at an afterward stage. Reply to this mail or write to us on discord to gain access.


With that in mind, that's all we have for this week's newsletter.

By Team SemiKolan
