Semikolan Newsletter #5

Hello there and this is the fifth edition of SemiKolan Newsletter.

Through these newsletters, we would like to share some of the useful links and resources which anyone can access for free, important technological events throughout the week and some general Semikolan updates. 

Here are some useful links and resources for this week - 

1. HackMIT: HackMIT is a weekend-long event where thousands of students from around the world come together to work on cool new software and/or hardware projects. You need to have a valid college email id to register. You can register through https://hackmit.org

2. Kaggle’s 30 Days of Machine Learning Challenge: For anyone getting started with Machine Learning and want to get a deeper insight, Kaggle is starting a 30 Days of Machine Learning challenge and anyone can participate, you can register through https://www.kaggle.com/thirty-days-of-ml

3. Google cloud introduces another Indian Region: Google cloud, a cloud service by Google has recently introduced another Cloud region in India, Delhi NCR which is now open. 

4. Some VS Code extensions for Developers: In this Instagram post, you can find some VS Code extensions useful for a developer, check out here https://www.instagram.com/p/CRjKToLDSVO/

5. Resources to find free icons: Here is a compilation of websites where you can get free icons to use for your projects and works, https://www.instagram.com/p/CRsx0QMDMfw/.

6. Zomato on stock exchange: Our popular food delivery service Zomato’s IPO yesterday got listed in the Stock Exchange and made a strong market debut. A big news for aspiring Entrepreneurs and startups.

7. Community Classroom free DSA Course: Kunal Kushwaha, founder of Community Classroom, former GSOC contributor will be teaching a Data Structure and Algorithm course for free and anyone can register through https://t.co/vEiIVs9xWO?amp=1

That’s all we have for this week’s newsletter. This week, we had a nice interactive meet with SemiKolan community and we’re looking forward to much more of such interactions in future. For improving the newsletter, we have also opened a new #newsletter-suggestions channel in discord where you can send us your suggestions.

Greeting and Regards
